c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\DateTimeMenu.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\DateTimeMenu.pkgdef
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\DateTimeMenu.vsix
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\EnvDTE.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\EnvDTE100.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\EnvDTE80.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\EnvDTE90.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CommandBars.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Imaging.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.OLE.Interop.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.15.0.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Framework.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.9.0.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\stdole.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\EnvDTE90a.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.VSHelp.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ComponentModelHost.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ProjectAggregator.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ImageCatalog.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.GraphModel.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.MSXML.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Imaging.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.OLE.Interop.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.8.0.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.9.0.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.8.0.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ImageCatalog.xml
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.GraphModel.resources.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\DateTimeMenu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\VSPackage.resources
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\DateTimeMenu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\DateTimeCommand1Package.cto
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\VSCT.read.1.tlog
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\VSCT.write.1.tlog
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\CtoResourceMerger.cache
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\VSPackage.resources.original
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\DateTimeMenu.dll
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\DateTimeMenu.pdb
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\DateTimeMenu.pkgdef
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\DateTimeMenu.latest.pkgdef
c:\users\aluca_wyyv9ht\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DateTimeMenu\DateTimeMenu\obj\Release\extension.vsixmanifest
